Lpc compute docs (#2651)
buildkite/docs: pages/buildkite_compute/macos_instances.md

## Mac compute instances

> Mac instances are only offered with Mac silicon architecture. Please contact support if you have specific needs for Intel machines.

Reviewer: Should this be "Mac" or "macOS"?

Also, I believe the term is [Apple silicon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_silicon) and not "Mac silicon".

```suggestion
Mac instances are only offered with Apple silicon architecture. Please contact support if you have specific needs for Intel machines.
```

To accommodate different workloads, instances are capable of running up to 4 hours. If you require longer running agents please contact support.

### Size

We offer a selection of instance sizes, allowing you to tailor your compute resources to the demands of your jobs. Below is a breakdown of the available sizes.

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr><th>Size</th><th>vCPU</th><th>RAM</th></tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr><td>Small</td><td>4</td><td>7 GB</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Medium</td><td>6</td><td>14 GB</td></tr>
        <tr><td>Large</td><td>12</td><td>28 GB</td></tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## macOS instances software support

The following software will be made available by default on all standard Mac instances during the trial. If you have specific requirements for software that is not listed here, please contact support.

### System software

> - MacOS 14.1 (Build 23B74)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- macOS 14.1 (Build 23B74)
```

> - MacOS 14.1 (Build 23B74)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- macOS 14.1 (Build 23B74)
```

- Darwin Kernel 23.1.0
- Rosetta 2
- Bash 3.2.57
- Homebrew

### Xcode

- Xcode 14.3.1
- Xcode 15.2

### Apple runtimes

- iOS 16.4
- iOS 17.2
- watchOS 9.4
- watchOS 10.2
- tvOS 16.4
- tvOS 17.2
- visionOS 1.0

### Other languages and compilers

- GCC 13
- Clang/LLVM 15
- .NET Core SDK 8
- Node 21
- Kotlin 1.9
- OpenJDK 21
- Go 1.21
- Perl 5.38
- PHP 8.3
- Python 3
- Ruby 3.3 & rbenv
- R 4.3
- Rust 1.75

### Development tools

- Git
- Git LFS
- CocoaPods
- Ant
- Maven
- Gradle
- Carthage
- CMake
- Yarn
- PNPM
- Bazel
- pkg-config
- xcbeautify
- swiftformat

### Servers

- Apache HTTPD
- NGINX
- Postgres 14.10

### Browser automation

- Safari 17.1
- Chrome 121
- ChromeDriver
- Selenium Server

### Assorted tools

- AWS CLI
- Azure CLI
- CodeQL
- Bicep CLI
- fastlane
- GitHub CLI
- 7-zip
- Aria2
- azcopy
- wget
- GnuPG
- GNU Tar
- jq
- yq
- OpenSSL
- Packer
- zstd
- nsc
- unxip
- PowerShell
- tmux
- Docker CLI
- 1Password CLI
- ns
- nsc

### Libraries

- libpq
- GMP

> 

Reviewer: Remove blank line.

## Coming soon

> ### macOS image configuration in the UI
> We are building the ability to choose the software versions you require to be installed on the MacOS instances used in your queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### macOS image configuration in the UI

Buildkite is developing the ability to choose the software versions you require to be installed on the macOS instances used in your queues.
```
